Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
Kite: Have you
two found Hart yet?
Dextra: You brother was
detected on the roof of the
windmill tower
located in the bay area.
He's with a boy
named Yuma Tsukumo.
Alright, tell me Hart is.
Yuma: Kite,
I tried to tell them.
The guy you sent came in a
chopper to pick up your brother.
I didn't send anyone
to pick him up.
Vetrix: Good.
We can start the ritual now.
Finally the moment has come!
I will drain Hart's power
from him and make it mine!
My plan for revenge can at
long last be fulfilled!
With my new Power, dr.
Faker will have no chance!
Quattro: If it isn't
the infamous Kite.
What an honor.
Are you the ones
who took my brother?
Where is he?
Relax, no harm has come to him.
At least not yet.
What's that mean?
If you want to save the kid,
you don't have any choice!
You'll have to
get past us first.
Astral: This will be...
a tag team duel!
Hart: Brother!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
TOGETHER: Let's do this!
You'll soon be humiliated
like my other fans.
I'm no fan.
I just want to win
this duel and
get my little
brother out of here.
Keep dreaming, Kite.
I could best you guys even if I
kept this hand behind my back.
why don't you give
your mouth a rest, too?
Let's duel!
Do not allow
him to provoke you.
That is quattro's strategy.
Yeah, I know.
If we lose our cool,
then he's gonna win.
Orbital 7: You wanna win?
Then lay low,
you meddling pest
and stay out of
master Kite's way!
Tori: What was that?
Yuma doesn't have
half the skills of Kite.
Is that so?
Well... he doesn't...
don't insult my friend or
I'll cut off your power supply!
You got that?
Er... Yes, ma'am.
This girl is a real
pain in the processor.
It's on!
I'm up first!
I summon gimmick
puppet egg head!
I activate its special ability.
Once per turn, egg head lets me
send one card in my hand to my
graveyard so I can deal 800
points of damage.
He's not allowed to do that!
True he cannot attack on the
first turn of a tag duel,
but this is not an attack.
I send my gimmick Puppet
dreary doll to the graveyard!
Do your damage and clobber Kite!
You okay?
Worry about yourself.
Not a chance. We're
on the same team!
I end my turn with a facedown!
Now, it's your move, Kite.
But don't mess
this up or who knows
what may happen to your brother?
That's it.
You're goin' down, quattro!
I'm activating the
field spell photon world.
Hold on!
We're dueling in outer-Space?
But that means...
No oxygen!
Take a deep breath, would you?
Next up, I'll
summon photon crusher!
Now due to my photon world, if I
summon a photon monster, anyone
who doesn't have one on their
field gets hit with damage equal
to my monster's level multiplied
by a hundred!
What?
Hang on a second.
I don't have a
photon monster out!
I'll be taking
damage just like them!
It doesn't matter
since I don't need you.
I can rescue Hart all by myself.
Dueling in space can be risky.
Especially during
a meteor storm!
Kite!
How dare you injure
your own teammate!
No sense of loyalty.
I admire that!
I'll put one card
facedown and end my turn.
You just sold me out!
Alright!
Then I'm not gonna
worry about you either!
Yes you will.
In order to win this duel
you must work together.
Tell that to Kite!
He started it you know!
Think, yuma.
There is much more at
stake here than your pride.
Remember you are
dueling for Hart.
You're right.
I promised to help him
and I can't let him down.
I forgot.
It's hopeless, yuma.
Neither of you will save Hart
because you're both fools.
You're a twerp.
And Kite's a reluctant warrior
who was pressured into fighting
to save his little brother.
Isn't it True, Kite?
That dr. Faker and Mr.
Heartland promised you they
would cure Hart's illness if
you served them by collecting
numbers?
I was right.
You do hunt numbers
to help cure Hart!
It's True!
Kite May seem tough and
ruthless, But the truth is he's
really just desperate.
He'd do anything to save
his precious brother!
The story's so
tragic, I could cry.
You should've told us, Kite.
Why did you keep it a secret?
I don't want
your sympathy, yuma.
All that matters to me is
collecting the
number cards I need.
And I'll take yours
when I get the chance.
He's hunting
numbers to cure Hart.
But he can't if we gather
all the numbers instead.
Yuma!
Keep your focus on this duel.
If you lose now,
there will be
no hope for Hart
under any circumstance.
Yeah you're right.
Stay focused.
I'm next!
I draw!
Quattro, I'm gonna
set up the combo.
First I'm playing
chronomaly golden jet!
Next up, I activate my
chronomaly Resonance spell card!
Using this spell, I can summon
another chronomaly Monster whose
level is one greater
than my chronomaly jet!
Rise up, chronomaly moai!
And now, I'll activate
golden jet's special ability!
With it, golden
jet gains one level!
So he has two level
five monsters now.
I overlay my level 5 moai
and my golden jet!
And with that I can now build
the overlay network and Xyz
summon number 33...
Chronomaly machu mech!
I never saw a monster that
needed its own zip code before.
My machu Mech is gonna
wreck your life points!
With machu mech in play, I'll
end my turn with two facedowns!
Your move.
That thing's ginormous!
Remember that
Trey and quattro
possess other
numbers as Well, yuma.
You must keep your guard up.
Don't worry, I will.
Get ready.
I draw!
I summon ganbara Knight!
And since I summoned
a level 4 monster,
I can also summon
out this guy!
C'mon out kagetokage!
I'm really
feelin' the flow!
I overlay level 4
ganbara Knight and kagetokage!
And now that I have,
I can build the overlay
network and xyz summon!
Please!
Without a number you're
wasting your time.
Well then quattro, since time
is of the essence, say hello to
number 39: Utopia!
He has...
a number?
Quinton: How interesting.
This can't be!
How could that twerp
get a number card?
I wish I'd known that before.
Hey quattro,
I'm worried this kid may be able
to see through our strategy.
He did watch my duel
against shark, after all.
Maybe we should
change our game plan.
Quattro!
That's quite the surprise.
But know that an
even bigger surprise
is in store for you, yuma!
Yuma, place a card facedown.
Quattro and Trey are very
skilled and you
must fortify your defenses.
Stay alert.
You must be ready for any
scenario they throw at you.
You got it.
I end my turn with
two facedown cards.
It's my move now!
You better hold
on to your decks!
Because I'm activating my
level Doubler spell card!
Now by sending one card in my
hand to the graveyard, I can
double the level of my monster!
I think I'll send another
gimmick Puppet dreary doll to
the graveyard to give egg head
an egg-Stra boost!
And since I have two dreary
dolls in my graveyard, I can
banish one. And bring the
other one back to my field!
Quattro is clearly
setting the stage,
so a number card
can be unleashed!
I overlay level 8 gimmick
puppet egg head and dreary doll!
I xyz summon number 15...
Gimmick puppet giant grinder!
Number 15!
That thing is powerful.
Yuma, this situation
is most alarming.
I've seen that number!
Quattro used it before to
destroy bronk and
Caswell's monsters!
Time for me to step in and
activate my number
Wall trap card!
My number is now protected so
there's no way you can destroy
it with any spells,
traps or special abilities.
A trap that shields his number!
It's totally invincible.
Yuma, this is bad.
Your number is up, kid!
I activate giant
grinder's ability!
Now by using one overlay unit,
giant grinder can destroy every
other xyz monster!
Say Bye-Bye to utopia!
Hold up!
Using That ability will destroy
your teammate's number, also!
Wrong, kid.
Number wall will
shield my monster,
so it won't get destroyed.
Your utopia won't
be so lucky, though!
Trey and quattro
played this perfectly.
I am afraid there is nothing
we can do to save utopia.
Are you sure?
Number 15 is
simply too powerful.
Utopia's destruction
is unavoidable.
What about its special ability?
No good.
It is hopeless.
No!
It gets a whole lot worse.
Gimmick puppet giant grinder's
gonna deal even
more damage... to you!
You're taking damage equal
to utopia's attack points!
Yuma, are you okay?
Watch out!
Giant Grinder has
1500 attack points.
If quattro attacks you with it,
then you will lose and Kite
will be alone.
Yuma, you must
summon damage mage.
Yeah, good idea!
I'm playing damage
mage in defense mode!
Whenever a special ability harms
me, I can summon damage mage!
It restores my life points back
to where they were before you
used your ability!
You spoiled my plan,
you little twerp!
But don't think you stopped
me, go attack gimmick!
Thanks to this, giant grinder
gets 500 more attack points
until the end of the turn, so it
can really Lash
out at its enemies!
And then, if my powered up
gimmick puppet GIANT Grinder
destroys your monster in battle,
you take damage equal to the
destroyed monster's attack
points Which is bad news!
And that bad news is
comin' your way, Kite!
Giant grinder, eliminate
Kite's photon crusher!
But since they have
the same attack points,
they'll both be destroyed!
No, that giant
grinder is a number.
Only another number
can destroy it.
Giant grinder, attack!
Kite, I'm gonna crush
your photon crusher.
Then I'll crush you!
Say goodbye to
your photon crusher!
No!
Master Kite!
Feel like giving
up yet, Kite?
No one's giving up 'cause I
activated imtrable attack to
protect my partner.
A trap card?
That's right.
See, since I activated this
trap, I was able keep Kite's
monster from being destroyed!
And since photon crusher
survived, Kite did not take any
damage either.
You're starting to
get on my nerves, kid.
I end my turn.
Yuma, do you think I need
your help to survive?
I'm just tryin' to
be a good teammate.
What an ingrate!
And yuma just
saved his monster!
Sorry, but saying "Thank you"
isn't master Kite's style.
Don't help me.
We'll always be
enemies, yuma.
Anyone with a number card
will be taken down by me.
Hold on.
You're doing this for astral.
You're wrong!
That's not True!
I know you plan to carry out
your mission no
matter what I do!
I told you, I made
a promise to Hart!
Hart wanted to see his big
brother again, and I swore that
I'd bring both
of you back together!
Will you two stop?
You're supposed to be
fighting me, not each other!
I do not appreciate
being ignored!
What's the matter with you guys?
Don't you find me
threatening enough?
I just find him obnoxious.
I have an idea.
This'll get your focus on me.
I'll give you both an inside
look... at poor, helpless Hart!
Feast your eyes on this!
Brother!
Oh, no!
Let my brother go now!
That's not gonna happen.
By the time we're finished, it
will be too late To help Hart.
He may not even recognize you
once we're through with him.
You animal!
Don't push it.
What's the matter?
Oh wait!
You must be feeling guilty.
You know you don't have what it
takes to win this duel and save
your little brother!
Quattro!
Do it, Kite!
use the card I've
been waiting for.
then your brother's fate will
be sealed and so will yours!
You are through, quattro!
Think about what
you're doing, Kite!
First I'll summon
photon Thrasher!
By Summoning photon Thrasher,
photon world's
effect is activated!
You should've turned Hart over
when you had
the chance, quattro!
I'll keep hammering away till
you're forced to release him!
Nothing's gonna stop me
from freeing my brother!
I'll destroy anybody
who stands in my way.
Chill out.
With two powerful
monsters on his field,
Kite is now prepared
to make his move.
I tribute my photon crusher
and photon Thrasher!
So that I can bring out one of
my most destructive monsters.
Be afraid, quattro!
Come, my mighty monster!
With the
savagery of a supernova!
Bring on a cosmic
cataclysm that
vaporizes
everything in your path!
Come forth,
galaxy-Eyes photon Dragon!
Stupendous!
Are you sure this was a
good idea, quattro?
Kite doesn't have a
clue what's coming.
Trust me.
I hope this works,
for our sakes.
Oh no!
Since Kite summoned
another photon monster,
photon world's effect activates!
Galaxy-Eyes, take aim!
Attack Giant grinder!
Go photon stream of destruction!
Kite fell for it!
I activate the trap,
stonehenge shield!
If you attack with a monster
with 3000 or more attack points,
this card not only deflects your
attack, But your
monster's attack points
Get zapped down to zero!
Zero?
Yes and it loses all of
its special abilities!
Your galaxy-Eyes is now
completely powerless.
It's too weak to put
up any kind of fight.
Those two wanted Kite
to summon galaxy-Eyes.
They set him up!
Machu mech, use
your special ability!
By Using one overlay unit,
you take damage equal to the
difference in your monster's
previous and
current attack points.
Go infinity Cannon!
Ready, aim, fire!
Thanks for the duel Kite,
it was fun while it lasted.
Now say goodbye to your
Dragon's attack points.
And get ready... to say
good-Bye to your life points!
Kite! No!